what do we have here people
oh there we go this is just testing this
is raw testing so it's not even doing
this is an alpha stage now
tried to make sure I kept the same
anointing on it so it felt real good
the layer stuff
notice when I'm layering like a switch
to another path
I can use the mod will
they're just add a little bit more
little faster a little FM time right
here for you guys who love that those FM
time there with the dyno got something
real special
piano careful what you layer though look
at the CPU so before you layer or does
the CPU but
so I want to hear the EP course you want
to hear that EP course I know you do
with me it's good but remember
everything is within reason
so it's just betta we're keeping people
from layering a whole bunch of stuff
right off the bat but we're gonna bring
it back we're just doing some testing so
she asked one to give you a sneak peek